Montréal-Python 31: Orchestral Onomatopoeia 
############################################
:date: 2012-09-06 12:39
:category: Montréal Python

With a bang, Montréal-Python is coming back to you after the summer
break with the loudest MP meeting to date.

Join us on the 17th of September for Montréal-Python 31, Orchestral
Onomatopoeia, our first cannon shot of the 2012-2013 season. Come join
us at 6pm at Concordia University for topics ranging from build tools to
special effect work.

Our main speaker: **Greg Ward**

*The Problem With Build Tools, or, why the heck are people still using
Make in 2012?*

Contrary to the expectations of language partisans, most programmers
expect to bounce from one programming language to another, and expect
their tools to support that sort of mobility. So I've started working on
a new build tool that will be extensible in whatever language they
choose -- including Python, of course. My goal is fast and simple like
Make, but powerful and extensible like SCons or Gradle.

The remaining lineup:

-  **Sylvain Berger**: Python goes Hollywood (`Modus FX`_)
-  **Miquel Campos**: Python, Softimage and 3d Pipeline (`Shedmtl.com`_)
-  **Rory Geoghegan**: Module of the Month: dateutil
-  **Philippe Gauvin**: Comment développer une communauté par de
   meilleurs emplois (`MatchFWD`_)
-  **Francis Piéraut**: `QMining`_ startup empowered by appengine &
   amazon pros & cons preview

.. raw:: html

   </p>

Where is it: Concordia's main building (1455 De Maisonneuve Blvd) on the
7th floor (H-763)

When is it: 17th of September 2012, starting at 6pm

The schedule:

.. raw:: html

   <ul>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

6:00pm – Doors open

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

6:30pm – Presentations start

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

7:30pm – Break

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

7:45pm – Second round of presentations

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

8:30pm – Beer

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   </p>

We would also like to thank our brave sponsors:

-  Ludia
-  Concordia University
-  Savoir-Faire Linux
-  Outbox
-  iWeb

.. raw:: html

   </p>

**Hope to see you there!**

Avec un bang, Montréal-Python vous reviens après les vacances d'été avec
le plus bruyant évènement à date. Joignez-nous le lundi 17 septembre
pour Montréal-Python 31, Onomatopée Orchestrale, notre première soirée
de la saison 2012-2013, où nous traiterons de sujets aussi variés que
les outils de build et les effets spéciaux. Le tout se passe à
l'Université Concordia commençant à 18h.

Notre présenteur principal: **Greg Ward** *The Problem With Build Tools,
or, why the heck are people still using Make in 2012*

Nos autres présenteurs:

-  **Sylvain Berger**: Python goes Hollywood (`Modus FX`_)
-  **Miquel Campos**: Python, Softimage and 3d Pipeline (`Shedmtl.com`_)
-  **Rory Geoghegan**: Module of the Month: dateutil
-  **Philippe Gauvin**: Comment développer une communauté par de
   meilleurs emplois (`MatchFWD`_)
-  **Francis Piéraut**: `QMining`_ startup empowered by appengine &
   amazon pros & cons preview

.. raw:: html

   </p>

Où: le pavillon principal de Université Concordia (1455 De Maisonneuve
Blvd), 7e étage (H-763).

Quand: Le lundi 17 septembre 2012, à 18h00

Le programme:

.. raw:: html

   <ul>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

18:00 – Ouverture des portes

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

18:30 – Début des présentations

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

19:30 – Pause

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

19:45 – Second série de présentations

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

20:30 – Bière

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   </p>

On aimerais aussi remercier nos braves sponsors:

-  Ludia
-  Concordia University
-  Savoir-Faire Linux
-  Outbox
-  iWeb

.. raw:: html

   </p>

**On espère vous voir!**

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. _Modus FX: http://modusfx.com/
.. _Shedmtl.com: http://shedmtl.com
.. _MatchFWD: http://matchfwd.com/
.. _QMining: http://qmining.com/
