Montréal-Python 23 – Geosynchronous Glory – 2011-09-26
######################################################
:date: 2011-09-19 20:38
:category: Montréal Python

Open data, geolocation, and politics are going to bring us together on
Monday the 26th for Montréal-Python 23 – Geosynchronous Glory. A snacks
will be provided but do not expect a complete meal. The meeting will be
held in room SH-3260 of the UQAM `Sherbrooke building`_. According to
our new formula, this meeting with keep you on the edge with a fast
paced volley of 20 mins presentations. Our schedule for the evening is:

-  18h00: Doors open
-  18h20: Annoucements
-  18h30: First salvo
-  19h10: Break
-  19h25: Second salvo
-  20h30: Beer(s) at Benelux

Our glorious presenters are going to be:

-  Sylvain Carle on WhereCamp – an event for geo-curious people
-  Jean schurger on Openstreetmap and Geocaching
-  Michael Mulley on openparliament.ca
-  Jonathan Brun and Michael Lenczner on Montréal-Ouvert
-  Éric St-Jean on Écometrica

As usual, we are proud to receive the suport of numerous local actors
who a willing to step in and to help their local group of Pythonistas to
achieve their goals:

-  `Ludia`_
-  `QNX`_
-  `Radialpoint`_
-  `iWeb`_
-  `Benelux`_
-  `UQAM`_
-  `Le Site`_
-  `Savoir-Faire Linux`_

C'est sous le thème des données ouvertes, de la geolocalisation et de la
politique, que nous allons nous rencontrer lundi le 26 septembre.
Montréal-Python 23, Gloire Geosynchrone. Cette rencontre aura lieu au
local SH-3260 du `pavillon Sherbrooke`_ de l'UQAM. Suivant notre
nouvelle formule, cette rencontre nous gardera en haleine avec une suite
soutenue de présentations de 20 minutes. Une collation servie mais il ne
fait pas compter sur un repas complet. Notre horaire pour la soirées
sera:

-  18h00: Ouverture des portes
-  18h20: Annonces
-  18h30: Première salve
-  19h10: Pause
-  19h25: Seconde salve
-  20h30: Discussions et rafraîchissements chez Benelux

Nos glorieux présentateurs seront:

-  Sylvain Carle sur WhereCamp – un événement pour les geo-curieux
-  Jean schurger sur Openstreetmap et le Geocaching
-  Michael Mulley sur openparliament.ca
-  Jonathan Brun et Michael Lenczner sur Montréal-Ouvert
-  Éric St-Jean sur Écometrica

Comme toujours, on est heureux de compter sur l'appuie des nombreux
commanditaires qui tiennent à s'implique auprès de leur group local de
Pythoneux:

-  `Ludia`_
-  `QNX`_
-  `Radialpoint`_
-  `iWeb`_
-  `Benelux`_
-  `UQAM`_
-  `Le Site`_
-  `Savoir-Faire Linux`_

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. _Sherbrooke building: http://www.uqam.ca/campus/pavillons/sh.htm
.. _Ludia: http://www.ludia.com/
.. _QNX: http://www.qnx.com/
.. _Radialpoint: http://radialpoint.com
.. _iWeb: http://iweb.ca/
.. _Benelux: http://www.brasseriebenelux.com/
.. _UQAM: http://uqam.ca/
.. _Le Site: http://lesite.ca/
.. _Savoir-Faire Linux: http://savoirfairelinux.com/
.. _pavillon Sherbrooke: http://www.uqam.ca/campus/pavillons/sh.htm
