Title: Montréal-Python 30: Nootropic Nutrients
Date: 2012-05-28 21:10
Author: Mlhamel
Category: Montréal Python
Slug: mp30
Lang: en

<!--:en-->

If you listen to mainstream media and notorious market analysts, you are
lead to believe that simply using Python is enough to make you deliver
code ten times faster.

Obviously, this simplistic view of the world fails to take into account
the [constant battle][] with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in the
Everglades but most of all, it fails to take into account that the
Python language itself is a very small contribution compared to the
tools and the body of knowledge shared within the community.

Of course, we all understand that development is more than just writing
code. On June 12th, Montréal-Python is going to celebrate our unwritten
lore with Nootropic Nutrients, a meeting on the Best Practices and tools
in the Python world.

Can you claim a ten-fold speedup compared to developement with
traditional languages? Do you have hard-won secrets that you would like
to share? Come and tell us about your tools and stategies for
efficiently and consistently delivering your projects on time.

We are looking for speakers for presentations ranging from 5 minutes to
40 minutes. If you are interested, send us an email to
[mtlpyteam@googlegroups.com][] with a short description of your talk.

The meeting will follow the usual schedule, starting around 6:30pm and
moving to the pub for the follow-up discussions around 8:30pm.

  [constant battle]: http://www.usatoday.com/tech/science/environment/story/2012-01-30/pythons-florida-everglades/52893342/1
  [mtlpyteam@googlegroups.com]: mailto:mtlpyteam@googlegroups.com
