Montréal-Python 17 on 2010-11-29
################################
:date: 2010-11-03 14:50
:category: Presentations

Montréal-Python 17 (code name Apotropaic Archeologist) will take place
in room PK-1620 of UQAM on Monday 2010-11-29. This is in the
`President-Kennedy building`_. Here is our schedule for the evening:

-  18h00: Doors open
-  18h20: Announcements
-  18h30: Flash presentations
-  19h00: Break
-  19h20: Main presentations
-  20h30: Discussions and refreshments at Benelux

The main presentation will be given by Sébastien Labbé and Franco
Saliola; it will showcase `Sage`_, the math exploration environment for
Python.

    Sage is a free and open source software for mathematics. Featuring a
    growing worldwide community, its mission is to offer an alternative
    to commercial packages such as Maple and Mathematica. Slides will be
    in English and the presentation will be done in French or in
    English, depending on what the audience is more comfortable with. We
    will present an introduction to Sage (history, mission, community,
    links with Python). We will also perform a demonstration that will
    highlight projects born from Sage and now growing independently: the
    Notebook interface and the Cython language.

    Franco Saliola, professor of mathematics at UQAM, and Sébastien
    Labbé, PhD student in applied mathematics and computer science at
    the LaCIM of UQAM, are Sage developers since 2008.

The event is free to addend and not registration is required. Some
snacks will be provided but do not expect a complete meal. Thanks to our
sponsors for making Montréal-Python 17 possible:

-  `UQAM`_
-  `Benelux`_
-  `Shwowp`_
-  `Savoir-faire Linux`_
-  `Le Site`_
-  `Ecometrica`_
-  `Apress`_

Montréal-Python 17 (nom de code Archéologue Apotropaïque) aura lieu
lundi le 2010-11-29 au local PK-1620 du `pavillon Président Kennedy`_ de
l’UQAM. Voici notre programme pour la soirée:

-  18h00: Ouverture des portes
-  18h20: Annonces
-  18h30: Présentations éclaires
-  19h00: Pause
-  19h20: Présentation principale
-  20h30: Discussions et rafraîchissements chez Benelux

La présentation principale sera donnée par Sébastien Labbé et Franco
Saliola. Elle mettra en vedette `Sage`_, l'environnement de mathématique
exploratoire. Le diaporama sera en anglais et la présentation sera en
français ou en anglais selon la demande.

    Sage est un logiciel libre et gratuit de mathématiques. Sa mission
    est d'offrir une alternative viable aux logiciels commerciaux comme
    Maple ou Mathematica, et sa communauté est en pleine croissance dans
    le monde entier. Nous ferons une présentation d'introduction à Sage
    (histoire, mission, la communauté, liens avec Python). Nous ferons
    aussi une démo d'utilisation qui illustrera les projets issus de
    Sage et maintenant indépendants : l'interface Notebook et le langage
    Cython.

    Franco Saliola, professeur de mathématiques à l'UQAM, et Sébastien
    Labbé, étudiant au doctorat en mathématique-informatique au LaCIM à
    l'UQAM, sont développeurs de Sage depuis 2008.

L'événement est gratuit et aucune inscription n'est requise. Des amuses
gueule seront disponible mais ne vous attendez pas à un repas complète.
Merci à nos commanditaires de rendre Montréal-Python 17 possible:

-  `UQAM`_
-  `Benelux`_
-  `Shwowp`_
-  `Savoir-faire Linux`_
-  `Le Site`_
-  `Ecometrica`_
-  `Apress`_

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. _President-Kennedy
building: http://www.uqam.ca/campus/pavillons/pk.htm
.. _Sage: http://www.sagemath.org/
.. _UQAM: http://uqam.ca
.. _Benelux: http://www.brasseriebenelux.com/
.. _Shwowp: http://shwowp.com/
.. _Savoir-faire Linux: http://savoirfairelinux.com/
.. _Le Site: http://lesite.ca
.. _Ecometrica: http://ecometrica.ca/
.. _Apress: http://apress.com
.. _pavillon Président
Kennedy: http://www.uqam.ca/campus/pavillons/pk.htm
