Title: Montréal-Python 19 on 2011-02-28
Date: 2011-02-07 23:23
Author: Dmounce
Category: Montréal Python
Slug: mp19
Lang: en

<!--:en-->Be prepared for the greatness that is to be, Montréal-Python
19: Collectivized Cucumber. It will take place on the 28th of February,
2011 at the one and only, [Pavillion Sherbrooke de l’UQAM][] room
SH-R810. In a blaze of unair-conditioned heat, scalding your minds with
their awesomeness, our two main presenters will be:

-   **Sean Braithwaite**: Operations and decision making

    > For better or worse benchmarks are available for many of the web
    > servers we would use in a typical python stack, but how do these
    > metrics apply to our applications as whole? The talk will focus on
    > looking at performance based on several dimensions and taking
    > action on the results.

-   **Sébastien Pierre**: The putative Watchdog, master of the Kitchen
    Fabric, and other topics of server administration

    > This presentation is all about server administration and
    > monitorying using Python. We'll fsee how to setup, configure and
    > administer remote machines using Fabric and Cuisine, a library of
    > functions that bring a lot of Opscode's Chef's functionality to
    > Fabric. As once your machine is properly setup, you'll probably
    > want to monitor it, we'll introduce Watchdog, a flexible tool to
    > monitor local or remote machines and processes.

Thus far, one flash presentation is confirmed. **Yannick Gingras** will
be interviewing **Blaise Laflamme**, one of the developers for the
Pyramid web framework. We want to ask only the very best questions, so
we request that you send yours to the mailing list
montrealpython@googlegroups.com or via Twitter [@mtlpy][]. There is
still room for more flash presenters. If you’re interested, email
[team@list.montrealpython.org][]. Montréal-Python 19 will start at 5:00
PM with an advanced Python workshop (conditional to interest manifested,
stay tuned on the mailing list) and continue afterwards with our regular
schedule :

-   18h00: Doors open
-   18h20: Announcements
-   18h30: Flash presentations
-   19h00: Break
-   19h20: Main presentations
-   20h30: Discussions and refreshments at Benelux

The event is free to attend and no registration is required. Some snacks
will be provided but do not expect a complete meal. Thanks to our
sponsors for making Montréal Python 19 possible:

-   Benelux
-   UQAM
-   Le Site
-   Ecometrica
-   Apress

  [Pavillion Sherbrooke de l’UQAM]: http://www.uqam.ca/campus/pavillons/sh.htm
  [@mtlpy]: http://twitter.com/mtlpy
  [team@list.montrealpython.org]: mailto:team@list.montrealpython.org
