Montréal-Python 19 on 2011-02-28
################################
:date: 2011-02-07 23:23
:category: Montréal Python

Be prepared for the greatness that is to be, Montréal-Python 19:
Collectivized Cucumber. It will take place on the 28th of February, 2011
at the one and only, `Pavillion Sherbrooke de l’UQAM`_ room SH-R810. In
a blaze of unair-conditioned heat, scalding your minds with their
awesomeness, our two main presenters will be:

-  **Sean Braithwaite**: Operations and decision making

       For better or worse benchmarks are available for many of the web
       servers we would use in a typical python stack, but how do these
       metrics apply to our applications as whole? The talk will focus
       on looking at performance based on several dimensions and taking
       action on the results.

-  **Sébastien Pierre**: The putative Watchdog, master of the Kitchen
   Fabric, and other topics of server administration

       This presentation is all about server administration and
       monitorying using Python. We'll fsee how to setup, configure and
       administer remote machines using Fabric and Cuisine, a library of
       functions that bring a lot of Opscode's Chef's functionality to
       Fabric. As once your machine is properly setup, you'll probably
       want to monitor it, we'll introduce Watchdog, a flexible tool to
       monitor local or remote machines and processes.

Thus far, one flash presentation is confirmed. **Yannick Gingras** will
be interviewing **Blaise Laflamme**, one of the developers for the
Pyramid web framework. We want to ask only the very best questions, so
we request that you send yours to the mailing list
montrealpython@googlegroups.com or via Twitter `@mtlpy`_. There is still
room for more flash presenters. If you’re interested, email
`team@list.montrealpython.org`_. Montréal-Python 19 will start at 5:00
PM with an advanced Python workshop (conditional to interest manifested,
stay tuned on the mailing list) and continue afterwards with our regular
schedule :

-  18h00: Doors open
-  18h20: Announcements
-  18h30: Flash presentations
-  19h00: Break
-  19h20: Main presentations
-  20h30: Discussions and refreshments at Benelux

The event is free to attend and no registration is required. Some snacks
will be provided but do not expect a complete meal. Thanks to our
sponsors for making Montréal Python 19 possible:

-  Benelux
-  UQAM
-  Le Site
-  Ecometrica
-  Apress

Préparez-vous à la grandeur imminente de Montréal-Python 19: Concombre
collectivisé. Il se tiendra le 29 février 2011 à la seule et unique
salle SH-R810, `Pavillion Sherbrooke de l’UQAM`_. Dans une flambée de
chaleur d'air non conditionné, brûlant vos esprits par leur splendeur,
nos deux présentateurs principaux seront :

-  **Sean Braithwaite**: Opérations et prise de décision

       For better or worse benchmarks are available for many of the web
       servers we would use in a typical python stack, but how do these
       metrics apply to our applications as whole? The talk will focus
       on looking at performance based on several dimensions and taking
       action on the results.

-  **Sébastien Pierre**: Watchdog, Kitchen, Fabric et autres sujets sur
   l'administration de système

       This presentation is all about server administration and
       monitorying using Python. We'll fsee how to setup, configure and
       administer remote machines using Fabric and Cuisine, a library of
       functions that bring a lot of Opscode's Chef's functionality to
       Fabric. As once your machine is properly setup, you'll probably
       want to monitor it, we'll introduce Watchdog, a flexible tool to
       monitor local or remote machines and processes.

Nous avons jusqu'à maintenant une présentation éclair confirmée.
**Yannick Gingras** interviewera **Blaise Laflamme**, un des
développeurs du framework web Pyramid. Nous ne voulons poser que les
meilleurs questions et c'est pourquoi nous vous demandons de soumettre
vos questions sur la liste de diffusion montrealpython@googlegroups.com
ou via Twitter `@mtlpy`_. Il reste de la place pour les présentations
éclairs. Si vous êtes intéressé, envoyez un courriel à
team@list.montrealpython.org. Montréal-Python 19 commencera à 17h00 avec
un atelier Python avancé (conditionnel à l'intérêt manifesté, à suivre
sur la liste de diffusion) et continuera ensuite avec l'horaire
habituel:

-  18h00: Ouverture des portes
-  18h20: Annonces
-  18h30: Présentations éclaires
-  19h00: Pause
-  19h20: Présentation principale
-  20h30: Discussions et rafraîchissements chez Benelux

L’événement est gratuit et aucune inscription n’est requise. Des
amuses-gueule seront disponibles mais ne vous attendez pas à un repas
complet. Merci à nos commanditaires de rendre Montréal-Python 19
possible:

-  Benelux
-  UQAM
-  Le Site
-  Ecometrica
-  Apress

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. _Pavillion Sherbrooke de
l’UQAM: http://www.uqam.ca/campus/pavillons/sh.htm
.. _@mtlpy: http://twitter.com/mtlpy
.. _team@list.montrealpython.org: mailto:team@list.montrealpython.org
