Title: Montréal-Python 20 on 2011-04-11
Date: 2011-03-22 00:13
Author: Mlhamel
Category: Montréal Python
Slug: mp-20
Lang: en

<!--:en-->Montréal returns glorious from Atlanta, and yes, PyCon is
coming to town in 2014 and 2015. It's time to gather and exchange,
celebrate and shout out loud our pride at this April's meeting,
Montréal-Python 20: Delicate Decadence.

This meeting will be held at the famous SH-R810, [UQAM Sherbrooke
Building][].

Art, creation, culinary style and a pinch of decadence will be at the
rendezvous. Our main presentation will be:

-   Olivier Bélanger: Sounds Delights for Pythonistas

</p>
<p>
> The simplicity of its syntax combined with its vast range of libraries
> makes Python a ideal environment for the development of all kind of
> applications.
>
> </p>
> There are libraries for almost all kind of process you can imagine,
> from scientific calculus to image manipulation including the random
> numbers generation or user interface creation.
>
> <p>
> Name it, you got it... except for sound. Indeed, to develop a sound
> application in Python, until recently one had to use an external audio
> engine (Csound, SuperCollider) and to communicate through a network
> protocol (usually OSC) in order to transmit control data, incoming
> from the interface, to the sound generator. The \*pyo\* library is now
> bridging this Python sound gap, delivering an audio engine and an
> library of objects for the design of signal processing solutions fully
> integrated to the language. Developing a standalone audio application
> in Python is now simple, pleasant and efficient.

</p>
We have some flash presentations confirmed, yet. There still room for
some more. If you are interested, send an email at
team@list.montrealpython.org.

Montréal-Python 20 will start at 6:00 PM with the regular schedule:

-   18h00: Doors opening
-   18h20: Announcements
-   18h30: Flash presentations
-   19h00: Break
-   19h20: Main presentations
-   20h30: Discussions and refreshments at Benelux

</p>
The event is free to attend and no registration is required. Some snacks
will be provided but do not expect a complete meal.

Thanks to our sponsors for making Montréal-Python 20 possible:

-   Benelux
-   UQAM
-   Le Site
-   Savoir-Faire Linux

<!--:-->

</p>

  [UQAM Sherbrooke Building]: http://www.uqam.ca/campus/pavillons/sh.htm
